hey guys Whelan's Adam from
concrete-lined skate shop here today to
talk to you about three wheels that can
pretty much complete any quiver we've
got a vac 11 pink polka-dots pink cow
balls and I think seminars from the
Pink's formula I've got the 81 edge your
honors which happens to be blue it's
just a new formula brought outside and
have a good look around today and ride
all three and see what they're good for
so I've been skating for a couple of
hours now ridden all three wheels riding
them on my Jack Cole kick with some 43
degree rogue precision trucks to start
off with polka dots they turn out to be
a really awesome for yard wheel for
small technical hills learning these
slides and they're super easy to break
in so it's really just what you want
only downside is they don't last too
long but they are Center set so you can
flip them get them wearing nice and
evenly get maximum life out of your
wheel step it up to the power balls a
little bit harder to break in but still
worth it because a little bit longer
lasting you go lot faster on them would
be quite comfortable without sliding out
and yeah they dump fain as well so
that's a plus Sam with the polka dots
the seven is really far from what I
expected they are really quite grippy
wheel they were originally intended for
slalom I'm pretty sure so that's
probably where that comes from
I've done six slides in them already and
they've still got some old early skin on
there so if you're looking for a little
bit of a race wheel for a smaller top
mount with a low clearance set up this
could be a pretty good wheel for you
all these wheels are available in the
pinks formula in a 78 a gyrometer which
is actually pink so they're all a bit
soft a little bit grippier I imagine
with embracing sort of situation
depending on the hill you might want to
go to a bit of softer wheel you can pick
any of these wheels up from concrete
line skate shop come visit us at forty
six a Wharf Street Tweed Heads hit us up
online at concrete line combat au or
give us a call on zero seven double five
three six two six level seven either
been laser I'll be there to say g'day
set you up on a nice set up and
hopefully some a deck eleven wheels